the hum of the suing machines isn't loud
enough to drown out the sound of the
bombs outside but the work being done in
this small Factory in Rafa is a Lifeline
to thousand of
parents personal protective gear is
being repurposed as
diapers we got the idea at the market
people were looking for diapers and
would wait in line and buy them at a
very high price Israel's Complete Siege
of G has halted the import of all Goods
since October items that used to be
taken for granted such as diapers and
formula for babies have become luxuries
the factory keeps its cost down by
copying the design of the diapers and
stitching them by hands it produces 500
diapers a day and can't keep up with the
demand Israel is also accused of
blocking the entry of humanitarian Aid
the UN estimates only 20% of the roughly
500 AED trucks that used to enter Gaza
daily are getting
through the UN says the entire
population is at imminent risk of famine
and babies and young children are most
at
risk while this Factory is a welcome
relief it's only a fraction of what's
needed due to the war and Siege the
price of diapers has become very high
people cannot afford to buy them for
their
children it is also a temporary solution
supplies raw materials will eventually
run out and the while these workers are
vulnerable to the everpresent threats
from above an Mahmud Al jaaz RAF
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer